log.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: funemployment log
permalink: /log/
---

# Funemployment log

**TV**

- [x] Atlanta Season 2

- [ ] The Office Seasons 8,9

  

**Learning**

**what is a money**<br>
when it comes to money, i've always semi-intentionally had my head stuck in the sand.
this bites me in the ass every time i see a car commercial with the words "APR", and with how i continue to leave all my money in a savings account, and especially with my unconscionably blank stare after someone says a term like "mortgage backed security".

thanks to all my newfound free time and khanacademy, its finally time to learn up. <br>
yes, i'll be taking [notes](/finance-notes)

[Finance and Capital Markets, as taught by Khan Academy](https://www.khanacademy.org/economics-finance-domain/core-finance)

- Interest and Debt (16 videos, 133 minutes)
  - [x] Compound interest basics
  - [x] Interest basics
  - [x] Credit cards and loans
  - [x] Continuous compound interest and e
  - [x] Present value
  - [x] Personal bankruptcy
- Housing (19 videos, 188 minutes)
  - [ ] Home equity and personal balance sheets
  - [ ] Renting vs buying a home
  - [ ] Mortgages
  - [ ] Home buying process
- Inflation (20 videos, 136 minutes)
  - [ ] Inflation basics
  - [ ] Inflation scenarios
  - [ ] Real and nominal return
  - [ ] Capacity utilization and inflation
  - [ ] Deflation
- Taxes (13 videos, 82 minutes)
  - [ ] Personal taxes
  - [ ] Corporate taxation
- Accounting and financial statements (13 videos)
- Stocks and bonds (41 videos)
- Investment vehicles, insurance, and retirement (24 videos)
- Money, banking and central banks (86 videos)
- Options, swaps, futures, MBS, CDOs, and other derivatives (52 videos)
- Current economics (38 videos)


**what is a compiler**
- [x] [super tiny compiler](https://github.com/jamiebuilds/the-super-tiny-compiler): 200 line compiler that demonstrates all of the steps that a standard compiler undertakes. First is lexing which has two stages: lexical analysis (via a lexer or tokenizer) and syntactic analysis which converts the tokens into an ast. transformation from ast into something is done via a _transformation_ step which almost always involves somehow "traversing" the tree via the visitor pattern.  the final step after transformation is then code generation (printing it back out).

**misc whitepapers**

- dat
- ipfs

Commit message:

finished a season of the office, started in on stocks

log.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: funemployment log
permalink: /log/
---

# Funemployment log

**TV**

- [x] Atlanta Season 2

- [ ] The Office Season

  - [x] Season 8
  - [ ] Season 9

  

**Learning**

**what is a money**<br>
when it comes to money, i've always semi-intentionally had my head stuck in the sand.
this bites me in the ass every time i see a car commercial with the words "APR", and with how i continue to leave all my money in a savings account, and especially with my unconscionably blank stare after someone says a term like "mortgage backed security".

thanks to all my newfound free time and khanacademy, its finally time to learn up. <br>
yes, i'll be taking [notes](/finance-notes)

[Finance and Capital Markets, as taught by Khan Academy](https://www.khanacademy.org/economics-finance-domain/core-finance)

- Interest and Debt (16 videos, 133 minutes)
  - [x] Compound interest basics
  - [x] Interest basics
  - [x] Credit cards and loans
  - [x] Continuous compound interest and e
  - [x] Present value
  - [x] Personal bankruptcy
- Housing (19 videos, 188 minutes)
  - [ ] Home equity and personal balance sheets
  - [ ] Renting vs buying a home
  - [ ] Mortgages
  - [ ] Home buying process
- Inflation (20 videos, 136 minutes)
  - [ ] Inflation basics
  - [ ] Inflation scenarios
  - [ ] Real and nominal return
  - [ ] Capacity utilization and inflation
  - [ ] Deflation
- Taxes (13 videos, 82 minutes)
  - [ ] Personal taxes
  - [ ] Corporate taxation
- Accounting and financial statements (13 videos)
- Stocks and bonds (41 videos)
  - [x] Introduction to stocks
  - [ ] Shorting a stock
- Investment vehicles, insurance, and retirement (24 videos)
- Money, banking and central banks (86 videos)
- Options, swaps, futures, MBS, CDOs, and other derivatives (52 videos)
- Current economics (38 videos)


**what is a compiler**
- [x] [super tiny compiler](https://github.com/jamiebuilds/the-super-tiny-compiler): 200 line compiler that demonstrates all of the steps that a standard compiler undertakes. First is lexing which has two stages: lexical analysis (via a lexer or tokenizer) and syntactic analysis which converts the tokens into an ast. transformation from ast into something is done via a _transformation_ step which almost always involves somehow "traversing" the tree via the visitor pattern.  the final step after transformation is then code generation (printing it back out).

**misc whitepapers**

- dat
- ipfs
